Salaried teacher training - adding info on fees (#4421)
DFE-Digital/get-into-teaching-app: app/views/content/funding-and-support/scholarships-and-bursaries.md

If you're not eligible for a bursary or scholarship, there may be other funding options available, such as [tuition fees and maintenance loans](/funding-and-support/tuition-fees).

> You maybe eligible for [a salaried teacher training course](https://getintoteaching.education.gov.uk/funding-and-support/salaried-teacher-training) which means you'll get paid while you train to teach. Some salaried teacher training courses may also come with fees, check with individual provders for more information. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You maybe eligible for [a salaried teacher training course](/funding-and-support/salaried-teacher-training) which means you'll get paid while you train to teach. Some salaried teacher training courses may also come with fees, check with individual providers for more information. 
```

This link is causing a build failure

(also typo!)
